WinEvil when the website is opened starts a timer
this timer resets when the mouse moves or is clicked
it also checks for touchscreen presses. 
After 8 minutes of inactivity the WinEvil.js will execute
a function that will redirect to brbytes url that calls for 
payload.txt which is executed as javascript. The brbytes url
then self replicates creating essentially a forkbomb. The payload
also checks for button presses such as ctrl,shift, and alt. when
these keys are pressed they will open another tab of the embedded brbytes url.
 
 So in theory the unsuspecting person will open the link
 and see a loading screen. They will wait for the loading screen
 to load and everytime their mouse moves or click the timer will reset
 making it not execute the payload. Once the person gets bored of watching the
 loading screen they may leave their computer to do other stuff
 while it loads being curious as to what it will load. Once it is detected
 that the person is inactive for set number of minutes the tab will change to
 a embedded brbytes tab which will self replicate indefinitely until there the device 
 crashes. This may take a while to actually fully crash the device so it is hopeful that 
 the person is not on the device during the execution to prevent interference. 
 This is why the loading screen waits till they are inactive or away from their device. 
 So by the time they get back it will be to laggy to stop the process or the system
 will be crashed completely.
 The self replication rate can be increased or decreased
 adding time between the tab opening proves to be more effective
 at crashing and causing damage due to the tabs having enough time to fully load. However this
 makes the program easy to stop if the person is at the device since they can close all the tabs 
 due to no lag stopping them from doing so. I currently have the loop set without a timing
 so the tabs do not fully load due to how quick the tabs are being opened
 this is so the device can be recovered. If the device is overwhelmed and freezes
 wait till the battery dies and re-install the browser you are using if necessary.
